Species Name 🌟
Elementals

Base Element 🌟
Storm

Elemental Weakness 🌟
Earth

Base Stats 🌟
Attribute	Value
Strength: '5/10',
Agility: '7/10',
Endurance: '5/10',
Intellect: '6/10',
Willpower: '6/10',
CruxAffinity: '8/10'

Innate Modifiers 🌟
+1 Skill Point per Level
+5% Nanite Efficiency

Resistances 🌟
Mental: Moderate
Biological: High
Crux Corruption: Low
Nanite Overload: Moderate

Weaknesses 🌟
Increased earth damage received
Requires training to specialize

Movement & Mobility 🌟
Base Speed: Fast
Teleportation: Natural element based
Environmental Adaptation: born from a variety of storms granting different resistances

Combat Profile 🌟
Melee: Strong
Ranged: Moderate 
Crux Casting: Strong
Nanite Manipulation: Low

Origin & History 🌟
Homeworld: New Beliaat
Mythic Origin: Chaos worshipers who believe destruction brought life
Historical Notes: climbed out of cave to evolve to heavy storms

Biology & Physiology 🌟
Body Structure: Humanoid with skin tinted a storm color
Sensory Profile: senses matching humans 
Metabolism: fast Metabolism from high energy usage 
Longevity Factors: a human mirroring race with a 100 year lifespan

Psychology & Temperament 🌟
Cognitive Traits: Chaotic aggressive, even when happy
Behavioral Tendencies: not settled and needs to move around, a bit anxious on the outside
Cultural Variability: Different generations vary more or less depending on their storm birth

Crux Relationship 🌟
Mythic View: Constant storms across the planet birthed a species who see chaos as the creator of all things.
Channeling Style: Natural extensions of the elements themselves
Risks: Can lose themselves to the chaos of battle and attack everything 

Nanite Interaction 🌟
Compatibility: low compatibility from chaotic biology
Unique Traits: resists good and bad nanites

Societal Structure 🌟
Governance: Chaotic, the strongest is the ruler
Economy: no economy. It's a fight for resources
Religion/Philosophy: Storm theory is based on an existence of chaos

Combat & Tactics 🌟
Strengths: Strong Crux affinity
Weaknesses: Weak to mental attacks due to chaotic nature 
Common Roles: Sorcerer, Barbarian, Warlock

Deep History 🌟
Born in a system of three suns their home world is a planet of storms and unpredictability. They evolved from primates and hardly had a chance to live on the surface. They were almost extinct until they found vast underground caves. They moved underground to survive. The storms had made them vastly adaptive. They focused all of their energy to creating technology to help them back to the surface. Hundreds of years passed while  they advanced to a point where moving back was within reach. What was on the surface was more chaotic than their ancestors wrote of. They pushed themselves to adapt further with magic blending their species with the storms to save themselves from the chaos that constantly bombard their planet. 

Defensive technology blended with a need to meld to the situation gives them different capabilities depending on the storm they were born in. It became genetic traits passed down from on generation to the next. So much that even children born on calm days would have the Raging Source in their veins. Nobody is sure if one of their scientist found The Prevailing Crux theory or if being melded with the storms wired the knowledge into them. 

As a whole collective, they did not create violence against each other when the planet seemed to want them dead. The moment they could a giant fleet of colony ships was built to take them to a new home. While they left their home they founded life in a new single star system. This gave them a chance to grow their population more than a few billion. Far from the chaos of their home, their past had made them worshippers of chaos. They believe the explosion that started this universe should be upheld by the beings it created.The need for each other to survive makes them great companions, even if they try to convince you to destroy everything all of the time. 