Species Name 🌟
Mycelians

Base Element 🌟
Plant

Elemental Weakness 🌟
Fire

Base Stats 🌟
Attribute	Value
Strength	5/10
Agility	4/10
Endurance	7/10
Intellect	7/10
Willpower	5/10
Crux Affinity	7/10

Innate Modifiers 🌟
+5 Task Point per Level
+5% Nanite Efficiency

Resistances 🌟
Mental: Low
Biological: High 
Crux Corruption: Standard
Nanite Overload: Low

Weaknesses 🌟
5% increase fire damage received
prone to rage

Movement & Mobility 🌟
Base Speed: Slow
Teleportation: Natural
Environmental Adaptation: cave and forest dweller

Combat Profile 🌟
Melee: Low
Ranged: Moderate
Crux Casting: High
Nanite Manipulation: High

Origin & History 🌟
Homeworld: Xelcom
Mythic Origin: Unified spore theory. That all life is gifted from fungus on space rocks
Historical Notes: A fascinating people unified under a single religion. They share their history though spore allowing them to evolve quickly

Biology & Physiology 🌟
Body Structure: Soft tissued mushroom people
Sensory Profile: experiences the world through spores emitted from their bodies
Metabolism: consumes decomposing plants 
Longevity Factors: staying in contact with the legacy mycelia and nanites gives them a long life

Psychology & Temperament 🌟
Cognitive Traits: Calm and focused
Behavioral Tendencies: Welcoming and cooperative
Cultural Variability: Extremely high - no universal norms

Crux Relationship 🌟
Mythic View: Symbiotic connection to the empty space
Channeling Style: communal like an extension of the body
Risks: Susceptible to elements

Nanite Interaction 🌟
Compatibility: Symbiotic connection through organic nanites
Unique Traits: They made their nanites from spore technology making them unique and organic 

Societal Structure 🌟
Governance: The collective 
Economy: none, they are a recycling race
Religion/Philosophy: They believe in a unified spore theory which all mushrooms across the universe are connected through the substrate of existence

Combat & Tactics 🌟
Strengths: Element connection
Weaknesses: Elemental weakness
Common Roles: Monk, Druid, Seer

Deep History 🌟
A mycelia based species that evolved on a planet of mostly forests. In the earliest days of this species a patch of mycelia asked "why am I"? So it sought others like it with The Question. In time it began to reach to more species of mycelia who al began to ask The Question. When the planet sung The Question they began to reach out to the other creatures and learning how they thought through symbiosis. Living as the creatures taught them how to be more than fruit. They evolved bodies move like the moving, to seek The Answer. 

They cultivated different spore structures that could serve many purposes. One of the spore types was of knowledge. Their spores allow them to communicate deep ideas and messages, it allowed them to pass information from one generation to the next. When their population hit a saturation point even the children are born knowing the history of the earliest generations. Where most species reach for technology to fill every need, the Mycelians have sung their world into harmony. Everything is part of the cycle. To a humans city, they instead live by the millions in vast stretching forests.  

Their Unified Spore Theory allowed them to become a hyper-organic culture. They could commune with everything around them, so there never grew a need for machines. The cultures learned to hurl rocks into space before they ever thought of throwing rocks at each other. Some mycelia can live on the surface of asteroids, so they began to research the Xel system. A patch out with plenty of time to think had the opportunity to be on an osmium rock. So it began to test and ask The Question. Harmonizing with the Prevailing Crux Theory allowed it to finish years of study in moments zipping around through folded space and show up on the rock back home. It parked in the middle the most highly populated city on the planet without a dust cloud. So birthed their entrance to deep space. Now they travel through systems hoping to find the answer to the first question, "why am I"?   