Species Name 🌟
Oozonites

Base Element 🌟
Water

Elemental Weakness 🌟
Air

Base Stats 🌟
Attribute	Value
Strength	8/10
Agility	5/10
Endurance	5/10
Intellect	7/10
Willpower	4/10
Crux Affinity	7/10

Innate Modifiers 🌟
+5 Profession Point per Level
+5% Battle Efficiency

Resistances 🌟
Mental: High
Biological: High 
Crux Corruption: Low
Nanite Overload: Low

Weaknesses 🌟
Solar damage received
Storm damage received

Movement & Mobility 🌟
Base Speed: Standard
Teleportation: Technological
Environmental Adaptation: Fluid body allows few obstacles in their path

Combat Profile 🌟
Melee: Strong
Ranged: Balanced 
Crux Casting: Weak
Nanite Manipulation: Balanced

Origin & History 🌟
Homeworld: Sluuurb
Mythic Origin: The ever spilling ooze. A belief that the universe started as a puddle of energy 
Historical Notes: spread through planets humans could never live. allowing a vast culture through their own system without leaving.

Biology & Physiology 🌟
Body Structure: A living human shaped ooze being
Sensory Profile: like human 
Metabolism: dissolves matter for energy
Longevity Factors: Very long life span. Some living hundreds of years.

Psychology & Temperament 🌟
Cognitive Traits: Hive mind 
Behavioral Tendencies: Unified actions and planning
Cultural Variability: none. all ooze are uniform 

Crux Relationship 🌟
Mythic View: War is purpose
Channeling Style: Technological
Risks: High heat and loss of self

Nanite Interaction 🌟
Compatibility: Basic. They would rather bash/shoot you 
Unique Traits: can control teammates nanites

Societal Structure 🌟
Governance: Hive mind
Economy: resource hungry 
Religion/Philosophy: The great ooze is the concept that is destined to become the ooze that made the universe and created the species. 

Combat & Tactics 🌟
Strengths: Militant and physical combat
Weaknesses: Nanite sensitivity or sense of self 
Common Roles: Barbarian, Swordsman, Scout, Engineer

Deep History 🌟
Hunger. Absolute unquenchable, bottomless never ending hunger. It consumed anything close. For thousand of years from an ocean planet with little land,  it fed until it was gigantic. Then there was no food that would come near it. So it tried to move and it was slow. The Hunger made it send out a little bit of itself and that part of it found food to bring home.  So it did it again and again. It learned that if it sent a large amounts of itself out in many different little pieces they always found the way back with more energy. 

Life in the vast oceans began to evolve to escape the consuming abyss. It looked to land and feasted. It consumed the walking beasts and snatched the flying from the air that knew not what came for them. It did not feel wonder, happiness, sadness or questions. It only knew hunger. Then a bit of it brought back more than energy, it brought back a thought. Millions of years had passed before it questioned what it was hungry for. It sent bits of itself to find more of the delicious thing that tasted like question. It had a new very specific hunger for question. The villages of the early race of humanoids proved a feast of questions and learning. The taste of a body was divine so it began to mimic the food that made it more than just ooze. Every bit of it sent out now shapes a humanoid to fill the hunger for questions. Walking and learning to bring more information back to The Great Ooze. 

The feast continued until it was the dominating force of the entire world absorbing everything from life to ideas. Now it asks it's own questions. Every Oozonite is an extension of the hive mind. They are a threat to all life, but not intentionally. They are hungry without the sense of aggression. It believes all life needs to be absorbed into The Great Ooze.  Every Oozonite you see is all part of one life form. Thousands of years of fighting to the top made this a war loving race who is stuck in constant consumption. While they seem like they are ready to fight always, its because they are. It is not from the sense that the other species do not deserve to live, but fighting to this species is how care is show. Not to hurt or kill, they love through attack.  To stand up to The Great Ooze is to show the hunger for life, and of all things, The Great Ooze knows hunger. 

The Hunger taught The Great Ooze the idea of energy inside of matter. That energy spawned its concept of The Prevailing Crux Theory. The Great Ooze questioned space, so it sent out its Oozonites to find more questions. Evolved to survive in a block of ice it's bits are impervious to the harsh environment of space. Brand new to space the early contact with humans was met with combat. That combat grew to respect for such squishy meatbags that refused to die. Walking hairless apes that knew The Hunger just like The Great Ooze. It found family where it just seen food. 