Species Name 🌟
Owliens

Base Element 🌟
Air

Elemental Weakness 🌟
Storm

Base Stats 🌟
Attribute	Value
Strength	3/10
Agility	3/10
Endurance	3/10
Intellect	4/10
Willpower	4/10
Crux Affinity	3/10

Innate Modifiers 🌟
+1 Skill Point per Level
+5% Travel Efficiency

Resistances 🌟
Mental: High
Biological: Low
Crux Corruption: Standard
Nanite Overload: Standard

Weaknesses 🌟
Increased storm damage received
gets lost in thought

Movement & Mobility 🌟
Base Speed: High
Teleportation: Technological
Environmental Adaptation: Temperature resistance withing reasonable measure.

Combat Profile 🌟
Melee: Standard
Ranged: High
Crux Casting: Standard
Nanite Manipulation: Low

Origin & History 🌟
Homeworld: Klu'Ku'Coo
Mythic Origin: Similar to humans in variety and religious diversity
Historical Notes: Createdbrain implants as their computers creating a techno focused race.

Biology & Physiology 🌟
Body Structure: Owl like bird humanoids who stand a few feet taller than average humans 
Sensory Profile: Keen vision and hearing makes a highly perceptive race
Metabolism: Carnivores  
Longevity Factors: Short life span for a space faring race. The introduction of nanites has doubled their life to 70 years so far

Psychology & Temperament 🌟
Cognitive Traits: Photographic memory as a species
Behavioral Tendencies: High self belief and self control
Cultural Variability: Extremely high - no universal norms

Crux Relationship 🌟
Mythic View: Technology based 
Channeling Style: Spoken, sound
Risks: high corruption risk from easy distraction 

Nanite Interaction 🌟
Compatibility: High
Unique Traits: A technology based race has adapted quickly

Societal Structure 🌟
Governance: Parliamentary making group based decisions
Economy: Money based economy
Religion/Philosophy: many religions with none taken seriously. Philosophy is key to their general conversations

Combat & Tactics 🌟
Strengths: Great eyesight makes them efficient ranged combatants
Weaknesses: immobilizing can stun also
Common Roles: Marksman, Scout, Herbalist

Deep History 🌟
Their home can be called a land of large things. Compared to earth, the flora and fauna never got the memo to get small. Evolving from a larger species with a 25 foot wingspan the Owliens lost some of their size as their brains evolved. Flying high above most life on their planet as the apex predator gave them time for more than hunting. Similar to humans in steps, first with fire then farming. Their cities cities grew in an expansive variety of elements from mountains that house millions of people to giant beach side cites. The apex predator grows only one enemy, each other. 

Battles raged across the planet as different cultures claimed their religion or ideas the truth. This pushed them to constantly evolve their technology to overcome themselves in war. The Great Machine of Battle brings as much need for repair as is does blood. The strife produces great doctors and engineers to clean the messes of each bout of self inflicted chaos. A species that focused exclusively on technology they grew faster than their concept of connection. When a group of Owliens discovered the energy between all things they dashed to the stars to seek out a place to grow their culture and ideas. 

Today they span a few systems in search of more. They found the battle in the cosmos that they grew up on at home.  The first was the Mycelians, a mushroom race of peaceful explorers. While the Mycelians defended themselves the lack of retaliation broke the Owliens aggressive blockade. Slow interactions and the cross culture parlay taught the Owliens about true community for the sense of each other. It was a bigger turning point for their society than The Prevailing Crux Theory, the idea that they did not have to kill for everything.  Now they seek more ways to be better than a force of attack.