1. The Pilgrim of the Outer Shrines
You were raised in a wandering spiritual order that traveled between ancient Crux shrines scattered across the frontier worlds. Your people believed the shrines were alive, or at least listening. You never fully accepted their teachings, but you learned discipline, ritual, and how to read the subtle “moods” of the land. Holding the proclamation as the beacon of your light you forge forward into the darkness. In a new time of peace, there has to be someone with more answers.

2. The Born Leader
Generations of leaders before you are the culmination of your greatness. You have spent your life being mentored to lead. From battle tactics, to finances the amount of specialization you have studied every day has produced an outstanding care for the inner workings of system potitis, economics and social structures. Your parents were on the board that created peace across the species. As great as you could ever dream to be, your worry is you will always be know as their child and not you as yourself. You have a chance to destroy that fear, but will you?

3. The Frontier Dweller
There is a comfortable map of inhabited planets of a bunch of species. You don't need all of that. You have grown up pushing that map out further. A wild bunch, the frontier dwellers live in all societies unable to be in one place for long. These are the people  always asking "hey, what's over there"? You have traveled past space beasts and the interstellar whales, you have seen the edges of black holes and intense systems that have ripped themselves apart in your quest to see what you can. Will you be doing this until your end of days, or is something new on that event horizon?

4. The One Left Behind 
Hard work is all you have ever know. You were an asteroid miner. The work may be mostly robots, but they are a lot to keep together and maintain. You ran a tight ship, while your crew may be a little rowdy, they all worked themselves to the bone right next to you. Hard work, but good work. Of all the rocks in space you had to get one that crashed the party. As the drone patch cut apart the rock a crux shrine was opened and a blinding light illuminated all of space. When you regained your bearings everyone was gone. Leaving the company, now you seek answers to what happened. 

5. The War‑Born Survivor
It was not always a time of peace. There was an age of strife where the different advanced races spent as much time killing each other as they did seeking new worlds. You were born into bullets and lived that way until the alliance was called. Your parents and their parents before them existed at or near front lines of combat. Now you don't have to think about any of that. Handy in staying alive you seek new ways to put yourself on the edge.

6. The Crux‑Touched Wanderer
You were found wandering near a Crux anomaly with no memory of how you got there. Some believe you were altered by it. Others think you were meant to die there. You’ve pieced together fragments of your past, but the anomaly still calls to you in dreams. Whether it’s a warning or an invitation is unclear.

7. The Scholar of Lost Worlds
You were raised in a research enclave dedicated to studying extinct civilizations and forgotten species. Your mentors taught you languages, symbols, and the art of reading history from ruins. But when your team uncovered a relic that reacted violently to Crux energy, the enclave sealed the site and forbade further study. You left, unwilling to let the truth be buried.

8. The Street‑Raised Ghost
Nobody knows your name. A quiet child who kept to themselves you always held a low profile. You don't need to be the center of attention or the star of the show. When your parents died at a young age you disconnected from others to mind your own business. Alone in a sea of bodies is how you want to be. You don't need anyone because they slow you down or get in the way. You have always been a ghost, but with a new opportunity, will you stay that way?

9. The Former Devotee of the Crux
Before you were born a religious order grew across multiple systems and species. It was one of the first stepping stones of the alliance. You traveled with your parents who were preachers for the religion. From system to system you built homes, hospitals and schools for those in need. It seemed like a fruitful life that you planned to grow old into. The universe went silent when the cult decreed that life was the door to keep them from eternity. Everyone you cared about is gone, now broken from who you thought you were now you seek who you can be.

10. The Genetic Outlier
You were always looked at a little different. Raised inside of a megacity full to the brim of people similar in features and species as you. In a room full you would spend the time catching people staring at you. You let it go and kept on with life building yourself into a fierce business person. The top of corporate ladders is the destiny you made for yourself. A vacation out of the city brought you to ancient civilization ruins, when they activated at your presence your brain was flooded with a thousand versions of what your life could have been. The adventures you live through in that moment are the ink of your resignation. Dropping the life you built, you now seek to make a new story.